as they had asked sometimes
previous to see if you could
modify the lever and I opened it
and this to open it you have to remove the
gummies that come in the cap below
come these gummies that are here
they are going here so that the
the screws down there are the screws
they are any cross screws
thing that you can use any
screwdriver
in this stage of matters then as
origin the previous video does not serve as
nothing
then we open it
in the part of here comes the restrictor
the respect to the square that many of
you want to know if that change does not
apparently if you change you have these
pieces here that are made towards a
side and can be removed and changed by
another if they are fixed they have the switches or
is not like a shanghua a lever
zhang or a lever 6000 its original more
well they did me as a fusion of
national lever with a lever
Japanese then the receiver if it
can replace anything else there is that
remove these you have to pull these parts
to be able to remove the restrictor
well as the buttons also have a few
screws in the part of here
this part
remove
to replace buttons buttons
as I said the description of the lever
they are anwar types
in this part the brown and you can
remove the button in order to be
interchanged
it really is simple to do it
inside it does not take much science and
you can change it for a few buttons one
little more
finer as it is water or it got the
lever is what I do not know I think not
it can be replaced since it is one as
I said it's a merger of national leverage
with a Japanese lever then if the
it replaces is because there is no connector or
you will have to be a direct connector
here
to be replaced by the
lever works well that is to say no
nothing to the levers is much better than
the national levers there are people who do not
he likes it because he is very
it's soft and the national lever is very
very hard with national I mean in the
Mexican territory because they are so
I'm Mexican then
then with this we finish the video
I hope you can solve your doubts
goodbye